---
title:  "Estimating Technological Gains and Losses from Environmental Regulation (Job Market Paper)"
mathjax: true
layout: post
categories: media
---

The urgency of the global climate crisis requires to accelerate the speed of the
sustainability transition. This paper aims at further scrutinizing the drivers of the
speed of directed technological change, hence study its costs and benefits. In this
paper I develop a method to estimate the technological gains and losses engendered
by an environmental regulation in the form of patent rights. The method combines
two structural estimations and a synthetic control group approach. I develop
a patent renewal model with exogenous environmental regulation. The probability
of being regulated is increasing over time, while the patent holder is myopic to it.
Identification exploits differences in patent hazard rates between patents affected by
the environmental regulation and synthetic control group ones. I apply the method
to estimate the technological impact of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol.
Exploiting a unique dataset on patents citing regulated substances and their
substitutes, as well as similar non-affected patents, I estimate the technological impact
of the amendment. I find that the amendment generated average gains of up
to 50.000€ per cohort, concentrated on the most recent ones, while creating little
losses. I run counterfactual estimations on the timing of the impact and find largest
gains for contemporaneous technological shocks to the amendment.

[Download](https://www.dropbox.com/s/qc3sbz3uxfa5cum/Roger.pdf?dl=0)
